Add UAA Enabled feature flag (#11364)
kyma-project/kyma: components/busola-migrator/README.md

| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_CLIENT_ID** | Optional override for the OIDC client ID | None |
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_SCOPE** | Optional override for the OIDC scope | None |
| **OVERRIDE_OIDC_USE_PKCE** | Optional override for the use of PKCE in OIDC  | None |

> | **APP_UAA_ENABLED** | Enable User Account and Authentication (UAA) migration functionality | `true` |

Reviewer: Since all the other variables' descriptions take form of a noun description, and don't start with a verb, I'd suggest aligning with them to make it uniform and coherent (even though it's longer this way 😞 ):

```suggestion
| **APP_UAA_ENABLED** | Parameter specifying whether the User Account and Authentication (UAA) migration functionality is enabled | `true` |
```
